Refreshing wrangler docs for 2025 (#1434)
ebi-ait/hca-ebi-wrangler-central: docs/SOPs/After_export/tdr_issues.md

Note that the generated metadata spreadsheet is considered a Supplementary file, and therefore we have metadata/ descriptors/ links for that.

We are allowed to have multiple versions of the same file. Each version is described by the date of file generation/update that is printed into the filename. <br>If we need to update a file, it would only work if we have a newer version of the file in staging area.

## validator

TDR validator:
1. validates the fields that exist in the staging area in terms of JSON integrity, schema validity and completeness
1. compares with previously deposited data/metadata in their infastructure
1. imports files from staging to prod TDR only if a newer version is in staging

Therefore, if staging area has a sequence_file metadata file that is not assigned to any file or descriptor, validator will fail 1. This is the most common place that errors occure.

## FSE: frequently seen errors
In most cases, safest solution would be to clear up staging area and re-export.
```bash
gsutil -m rm gs://broad-dsp-monster-hca-prod-ebi-storage/prod/<proj-uuid>/*
```

> However, sometimes we don't want to luxury to re-export the whole project (i.e. we no longer have the data files in ingest, or we don't want to add redundant transfer of data that is not updated). Therefore we will have to see more hacky solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, sometimes re-exporting the whole project is not possible (i.e. we no longer have the data files in ingest, or we don't want to add redundant transfer of data that is not updated). Therefore we will have to see more hacky solutions.
```
